README.md, before:

# Hack-O-Lantern

![ERD](src/assets/teamphoto.jpg)

### This repository holds the incredibly creative efforts of a handful of NSS Grads and current students over the course of the 2019 Halloween weekend Hack-O-Ween Hackathon.

## Project Overview:

The team of alumni and students created a game with pumpkins as their game controllers! Tap the pumpkin in the center to start the game. Tap the pumpkin on the right or left to move your character on the screen. The goal is to collect the letters N-S-S in the same color while avoiding the bugs which slow you down. Collecting a lightning bolt zapped all your bugs and kept you alive. Catch three bugs and your game was over. Grab a cup of coffee and you get a caffeine kick and your speed doubles.

A second app was integrated that _sneakily_ takes your photo, if you win, and displays it on a second monitor!

![Gameplay](src/assets/hackolantern.gif)

[**Full demo video**](https://learn.nashvillesoftwareschool.com/blog/2019/10/31/hack-tastic-hack-o-ween-hackathon) on the NSS Blog

## Technologies Used

- [Phaser](https://phaser.io/) - gameplay framework
- [Makey Makey](https://makeymakey.com/) - pumpkin controllers interface
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) - photo storage

## Personal Responsibilities:

As a member of this amazingly creative team, my primary responsibility was related to gameplay development. I had to quickly learn Phaser, so I dove into the docs and wrote a lot of the code including, but not limited to:

- falling item and character speed calculations
- scene transitions
- scoring, counters, and win/lose game scenarios
- mapping keyboard to Makey-Makey controls
- integrating sound effects

I also generated many of the graphical elements, including the animation sprite of the main character.

![Character Sprite](src/assets/sprite-girl.png)

## The Hackolantern Dev Team

- [Adam Sheaffer](https://github.com/AdamSheaffer)
- [Bryan Nilsen](https://github.com/BryanNilsen)
- [Madi Pepper](https://github.com/MissPeperr)
- [Brenda Long](https://github.com/brendalong)
- [Nolan Little](https://github.com/Nolan-Little)
- [Melody Stern](https://github.com/melliemuse)
- [Jeremiah Bell](https://github.com/Belljeremiah)
- [Matthew Ross](https://github.com/spuuun)

This project was designed and built in under 42 hours. Fueled by caffeine, pizza, laughter, and high-fives.

Commit message:

reworded overview and added gameplay

README.md, after:

# Hack-O-Lantern

![ERD](src/assets/teamphoto.jpg)

### This repository holds the incredibly creative efforts of a handful of NSS Grads and current students over the course of the 2019 Halloween weekend Hack-O-Ween Hackathon.

## Project Overview:

The main objective of this project was to create a game using pumpkins as controllers. Additionally, we wanted to integrate a feature that would take the player's photo if they won the game, and then display all the winner photos on a second monitor.

## Gameplay

Tap the pumpkin in the center to start the game. Tap the pumpkin on the right or left to move your character on the screen. The goal is to collect the letters N-S-S in the same color while avoiding the bugs which slow you down. Collecting a lightning bolt zaps all your bugs and you regain your original speed. Catch three bugs and your game is over. Grab a cup of coffee and you get a caffeine boost and your speed doubles. Win the game and get your photo taken and displayed with the rest of the winners.

![Gameplay](src/assets/hackolantern.gif)

[**Full demo video**](https://learn.nashvillesoftwareschool.com/blog/2019/10/31/hack-tastic-hack-o-ween-hackathon) on the NSS Blog

## Technologies Used

- [Phaser](https://phaser.io/) - gameplay framework
- [Makey Makey](https://makeymakey.com/) - pumpkin controllers interface
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) - photo storage

## Personal Responsibilities:

As a member of this amazingly creative team, my primary responsibility was related to gameplay development. I had to quickly learn Phaser, so I dove into the docs and wrote a lot of the code including, but not limited to:

- falling item and character speed calculations
- scene transitions
- scoring, counters, and win/lose game scenarios
- mapping keyboard to Makey-Makey controls
- integrating sound effects

I also generated many of the graphical elements, including the animation sprite of the main character.

![Character Sprite](src/assets/sprite-girl.png)

## The Hackolantern Dev Team

- [Adam Sheaffer](https://github.com/AdamSheaffer)
- [Bryan Nilsen](https://github.com/BryanNilsen)
- [Madi Pepper](https://github.com/MissPeperr)
- [Brenda Long](https://github.com/brendalong)
- [Nolan Little](https://github.com/Nolan-Little)
- [Melody Stern](https://github.com/melliemuse)
- [Jeremiah Bell](https://github.com/Belljeremiah)
- [Matthew Ross](https://github.com/spuuun)

This project was designed and built in under 42 hours. Fueled by caffeine, pizza, laughter, and high-fives.
